React State Mgmt.: Add Default dataSource Limitation Note (#8610)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/20 State Management/7 Uncontrolled Mode.md

            />
        );
    };

> [note] You cannot use this approach to specify an initial `dataSource`.

Reviewer: Can there be multiple initial data sources?

Author: What I meant here is that you cannot use this approach to specify a component's initial data source:
```suggestion
[note] You cannot use this approach to specify a component's initial `dataSource`.
```
